README.md, before:

# ImClass Memory Viewer

<img width="1209" height="499" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/bfa9c4f0-def8-4a83-84e4-e76b6bfab6a5" />


Inspired by [ReClass.NET](https://github.com/ReClassNET/ReClass.NET)

Using [Dear ImGui](https://github.com/ocornut/imgui) for immediate-mode rendering

## Features
- Support for x64 & x86
- Signature and string scanning
- IDA style and pattern/mask signature support
- C++ class exporting
- Runtime Type Information (RTTI) parsing
- Pointer previews
- Memory Nodes
  - Pointers to other node types
  - Hex 8 / 16 / 32 / 64
  - Int 8 / 16 / 32 / 64
  - UInt 8 / 16 / 32 / 64
  - Float
  - Double
  - Bool
  - Vector 4 / Vector 3 / Vector 2
  - Matrix 4x4 / Matrix 3x4 / Matrix 3x3
- Parsing for 0x... memory addresses
- Support for address bar math operations
- Module base address searching
- Properly named module function exports

## Tips

Math operations work inside the address bar (ex. "**ntdll.dll + 0x4000**" or "**ntdll.dll + 4100 - 0x50 - 50**" give the same resulting address)

All numbers passed into the address bar are assumed to be hexadecimal (0x1000 == 1000 when searching).

Adding a library name to the address bar will result in its base address being used in math operations involving it.

To view an export, put the library name appended by an exclamation mark and the export name into the address bar (ex. **kernel32.dll!ReadProcessMemory** or **kernel32.dll!WriteProcessMemory**)

Entering an invalid operation into the address bar will just result in a zeroed out output currently.

## Contributing
Feel free to contribute anything you'd like, and it will be accepted as long as we consider it beneficial to the project.
This includes, but isn't limited to: new features, refactoring existing features and fixing bugs.

Commit message:

Add offset locking, new types, and WebSocket support
Introduces offset locking for structure variables, new double-precision vector and UTF string types, and a WebSocket server for remote memory access. Updates README with new features, refactors class node management, adds logging, and improves module enumeration and caching. Project and build files updated for new dependencies.

README.md, after:

# ImClass Memory Viewer

## perception.cx Support
- **WebSocket-based memory access** via Perception AngelScript bridge for safe remote memory operations
- **Module enumeration** through PEB walking with cached module list
- **String types**: UTF8, UTF16, UTF32 with configurable lengths
- **Double-precision vectors**: Vector2d, Vector3d, Vector4d
- **Offset locking system**: Lock variables to absolute offsets to prevent shifting when modifying structure above them
- **Console window**: Real-time logging with copy-to-clipboard support
- **Module list viewer**: Browse all loaded modules with base addresses and sizes

<img width="1209" height="499" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/bfa9c4f0-def8-4a83-84e4-e76b6bfab6a5" />

Inspired by [ReClass.NET](https://github.com/ReClassNET/ReClass.NET)

Using [Dear ImGui](https://github.com/ocornut/imgui) for immediate-mode rendering

## Features
- Support for x64 & x86
- Signature and string scanning
- IDA style and pattern/mask signature support
- C++ class exporting
- Runtime Type Information (RTTI) parsing
- Pointer previews
- Memory Nodes
  - Pointers to other node types
  - Hex 8 / 16 / 32 / 64
  - Int 8 / 16 / 32 / 64
  - UInt 8 / 16 / 32 / 64
  - Float
  - Double
  - Bool
  - Vector 4 / Vector 3 / Vector 2
  - Vector 4d / Vector 3d / Vector 2d
  - UTF8 / UTF16 / UTF32
  - Matrix 4x4 / Matrix 3x4 / Matrix 3x3
- Parsing for 0x... memory addresses
- Support for address bar math operations
- Module base address searching
- Properly named module function exports
- Offset locking to preserve variable positions

## Tips

Math operations work inside the address bar (ex. "**ntdll.dll + 0x4000**" or "**ntdll.dll + 4100 - 0x50 - 50**" give the same resulting address)

All numbers passed into the address bar are assumed to be hexadecimal (0x1000 == 1000 when searching).

Adding a library name to the address bar will result in its base address being used in math operations involving it.

To view an export, put the library name appended by an exclamation mark and the export name into the address bar (ex. **kernel32.dll!ReadProcessMemory** or **kernel32.dll!WriteProcessMemory**)

Entering an invalid operation into the address bar will just result in a zeroed out output currently.

Right-click any named variable and select "Lock Offset" to prevent it from moving when you modify the structure above it.

## Contributing
Feel free to contribute anything you'd like, and it will be accepted as long as we consider it beneficial to the project.
This includes, but isn't limited to: new features, refactoring existing features and fixing bugs.
